
Guidelines for using the Alpari logo version 2.0 

Created by Art. Lebedev Studio 2013

Page 2.
A few words about the guidelines
This instruction manual was created to give you an understanding of how to use the logo correctly. Everything included in this book is to help employees, designers, and printers to apply the same standards of quality.
There is a flash drive accompanying this manual which contains all the images and designs. Always use the appropriate file for your work, indicated by the flash icon (image).

Page 3.
Contents
The logo
Corporate colours
The logo on the website 
Examples

Page 4.
The logo
The main logo
The logo is a combination of the company graphic and name. The graphic conjures images of the Alps, financial charts, and the ebb and flow of currency markets and growth. 
In comparison with the previous version of the logo, version 2.0 has thicker lines, brighter colours, and a bolder font. 
Position the logo either vertically or horizontally depending on where it will be used. The main, and preferred background colour is white.
Vertical arrangement
alpari-logo-vertical-color-black.ai
Horizontal arrangement
alpari-logo-horizontal-color-black.ai

The 2007 version of the logo is no longer in use
8 mm
20 mm
The minimum size of the logo for printing

Page 5.
Colour logo for a black background
Black is used for branding, highlighting the solidity of the company.
Vertical arrangement
alpari-logo-vertical-white.ai
Horizontal arrangement
alpari-logo-horizontal-white.ai

Page 6.
Monochrome logo for a white background
Vertical arrangement
alpari-logo-vertical-black.ai
Horizontal arrangement
alpari-logo-horizontal-black.ai

Page 7.
Monochrome logo for a black background
Vertical arrangement
alpari-logo-vertical-white.ai
Horizontal arrangement
alpari-logo-horizontal-white.ai

Page 8.
Alternative logo arrangements 
In some cases it's possible to employ a horizontal version of the logo, accompanied by a proportionately larger typeface used for the name, which is then aligned to the image.
alpari-logo-horizontal-black.ai

Page 9.
The following uses of the logo are prohibited:
Changing the proportions of the logo
Positioning the logo at an angle
Changing the colours of the logo
Changing the position of the text and image
Placing the logo on a background which isn't a corporate colour
Using the 2007 logo
 


Page 10.
Corporate colours
Alpari's corporate colours are red, orange, light-green, and green.

Page 11.
The logo can be placed on a background comprising any of the corporate colours as an additional option. The white or black logo can be used for this.
Never use the coloured logo on a coloured background

Page 12.
Logo usage for the website
The website uses the main version of the logo in a horizontal arrangement. It is recommended to use the logo with white text for a dark background. The favicon uses a fragment of the design (img).

Page 13.
Examples
On a billboard

Page 14.

Pattern/pattern-on-white.ai

Page 15.
Pattern/pattern-on-black.ai

Page 16.
The corporate pattern
The corporate pattern is a continuous repeating weave of lines, representing a watermark.
The pattern can cover the entire surface on which it appears, and fragments can be applied to more complex surfaces.
Partial application of the pattern
Complete application of the pattern
Partial application using a fragment of the pattern

Page 17.
The pattern can be applied to both black and white backgrounds.

Page 18.
Logo and pattern usage
The text element of the logo can be used by itself only when presented alongside the pattern. The proportions between the size of the text element and the pattern are not fixed.
Page 19.
[no text]

Page 20.
You may use an ornamental strip, which can form an upper or lower border.

Page 21.
[no text]

Page 22.
The main version of the logo can also be used with the pattern.

Page 23.
[no text]

Page 24.
Examples of full application of the pattern

Page 25.
Examples of partial application

Page 26.
Examples of using a fragment
Page 27.
The angle, colour, and proportions of the pattern may not be altered. It must be placed only on a black or white background.

Page 28.
Office space usage

29.
A colour pattern is recommended, but you may also use a transparent pattern for frosted glass, or vice versa.  

30.

On a sail

Page 31.

On a flag






